README.md, before:

# rtl8723bu
Driver for Realtek RTL8723BU Wireless Adapter with Hardware ID `0bda:b720`

# How to use?
## Get the source first.
Get it from Github repository with the following command in the Linux terminal.
```
git clone https://github.com/lwfinger/rtl8723bu.git
cd rtl8723bu
```
Or get it as zip archive.
```
wget https://github.com/lwfinger/rtl8723bu/archive/master.zip
unzip master.zip && rm master.zip
cd rtl8723bu-master
```
## Concurrent or Non-Concurrent Mode
By default driver operates the hardware as a station AND as an access point *simultaneously*.  This will show two devices when you run the `iwconfig` command.

If you do not want two devices (station and an access point) *simultaneously*, then follow these instructions.

- Step 1: Run the following command in the Linux terminal. 
```
nano Makefile
```

- Step 2: Find the line that contains `EXTRA_CFLAGS += -DCONFIG_CONCURRENT_MODE` and insert a `#` symbol at the beginning of that line. This comments that line and disables concurrent mode.


## Manual install
Run the following commands in the Linux terminal.

```
make
sudo make install
sudo modprobe -v 8723bu
```

## Automatic install using DKMS
If you don't want to worry about building/installing driver after kernel update, use this scenario. For Ubuntu/Debian install DKMS package using command `sudo apt install dkms`.

Then run following commands in terminal
```
source dkms.conf
sudo mkdir /usr/src/$PACKAGE_NAME-$PACKAGE_VERSION
sudo cp -r core hal include os_dep platform dkms.conf Makefile rtl8723b_fw.bin /usr/src/$PACKAGE_NAME-$PACKAGE_VERSION
sudo dkms add $PACKAGE_NAME/$PACKAGE_VERSION
sudo dkms autoinstall $PACKAGE_NAME/$PACKAGE_VERSION
```

Commit message:

rtl8723bu: Update README.md
These changes emphasize the benefits of using the git version over the zipped version.

Signed-off-by: Larry Finger <Larry.Finger@lwfinger.net>

README.md, after:

# rtl8723bu
Driver for Realtek RTL8723BU Wireless Adapter with Hardware ID `0bda:b720`

# How to use?
## Get the source first.
Get it from Github repository with the following command in the Linux terminal.
```
git clone https://github.com/lwfinger/rtl8723bu.git
cd rtl8723bu
```
Or get it as zip archive. Note: If you use the zip format, you will need to download the entire source EVERY time it is changed. By contrast,
a 'git pull' will get only the changed part. In addition, the git version will be able to access all branches, whereas the zip version only
handles one branch.
```
wget https://github.com/lwfinger/rtl8723bu/archive/master.zip
unzip master.zip && rm master.zip
cd rtl8723bu-master
```
## Concurrent or Non-Concurrent Mode
By default driver operates the hardware as a station AND as an access point *simultaneously*.  This will show two devices when you run the `iwconfig` command.

If you do not want two devices (station and an access point) *simultaneously*, then follow these instructions.

- Step 1: Run the following command in the Linux terminal. 
```
nano Makefile
```

- Step 2: Find the line that contains `EXTRA_CFLAGS += -DCONFIG_CONCURRENT_MODE` and insert a `#` symbol at the beginning of that line. This comments that line and disables concurrent mode.


## Manual install
Run the following commands in the Linux terminal.

```
make
sudo make install
sudo modprobe -v 8723bu
```

## Automatic install using DKMS
If you don't want to worry about building/installing driver after kernel update, use this scenario. For Ubuntu/Debian install DKMS package using command `sudo apt install dkms`.

Then run following commands in terminal
```
source dkms.conf
sudo mkdir /usr/src/$PACKAGE_NAME-$PACKAGE_VERSION
sudo cp -r core hal include os_dep platform dkms.conf Makefile rtl8723b_fw.bin /usr/src/$PACKAGE_NAME-$PACKAGE_VERSION
sudo dkms add $PACKAGE_NAME/$PACKAGE_VERSION
sudo dkms autoinstall $PACKAGE_NAME/$PACKAGE_VERSION
```
